docs(root): update code examples to use openToast prop for toast region (#676)
mi6/ic-design-system: src/content/structured/components/toasts/code.mdx

## Variants

### Displaying toasts

> Use the `openToast` prop on the toast region component to display a toast message. Do not use the internal `setVisible` method on the toast component as this does not work with the toast queuing functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `openToast` prop on the toast region component to display a toast message. Do not use the `setVisible` method on the toast component as this does not work with the toast queuing functionality.
```

### Queuing toasts

> To view the toasts queuing in the following example, click each button to open a toast and then dismiss each one to see the other toasts appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the toasts queuing in the following example, click each button to open a toast and then the dismiss button on the visible toast. Each toast will appear one after the other.
```
